hi this is the Loon bison what's that
what all this block guitar what is up
with all this block uh-huh what's the
deal and you get buff that good
everybody taking this fruitcake I can
get that going it with that sleepy /
garmin not even know why but i got
spotted by old or not oh I'm sorry I got
a medium kicks gonna be too short for
this round make it then check out of
here you can just get sitter bro yeah
she's gonna try that bar you get back
home hey I see you suck go kill
what do you most about I was gonna cheat
me out huh right there's gonna cheat me
out what huh he's gonna win then what
did you dumb oh you will pay no recovery
framed on one back it up oh you can get
one of them who I feel tribbles um
blocker electricity one is thrown
desperation throw coming what that
desperation sorry sy trying to get close
good thank a lot bison for not turning a
big dumb butter
don't jump play oh stop that jump
tomorrow yeah I don't know what I don't
know what the heck's going on ya know
what's going on here gotta play some
lame place only on this you can sound
like baby no lately I used to do miss
there you go super top tier by somebody
copped a bison bro
yeah what oh I had some plan for you
already we made the cut the cake was an
oven bro I got that way at the Superman
that suit man that psycho Superman the
psycho power is my best finish you off
your game and good game good lame out
game okay i'll be i'll try to rush me
because I'll be bored of trying to land
up at chucky kill at you you gave a
gaming good game